So, Dad,
why don’t we celebrate our birthday?
Good question.
How would you answer that at school?
Uh, because Jehovah doesn’t like it?
Yes, but why?
Do you like presents and treats?
Yes!
But do you want them like this?
Birthday celebrations mix good things
with things Jehovah doesn’t like.
How?
Long ago,
many people believed in good and evil spirits
and were afraid of them.
They thought presents and treats
on their birthday could protect them.
And like today, they made wishes
that only good things would happen to them.
What does the Bible say about birthdays?
It talks about them, but not good ones.
There was Pharaoh in Egypt
and Herod in Jesus’ day.
They were proud rulers
and had people put to death
at their birthday parties.
Can you remember
if Jesus celebrated his birthday?
Uh, no!
That’s right. He didn’t.
He told us to celebrate the date of his death
because it gives us
the hope of living forever.
And Jesus taught us to give good things
to each other anytime we want,
like . . .
like today!
Good timing!
Pie! Yes!